What's New 102 (#1946)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/includes/edge-whats-new-note.md

ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.topic: include

> ms.date: 05/24/2021

Author: @Reezaali @zoherghadyali  - Please review this wording, and also the placement of this Include text.

Placement: This Include is placed at top of every What's New page and at top of the What's New firstchild/landing/nav page - remove from nav page, or remove from every What's New page?

---
To check out the latest features of Microsoft Edge DevTools and the Microsoft Edge DevTools extension for Microsoft Visual Studio Code and Visual Studio, read these announcements. 

> To stay up to date and get the latest DevTools features, download an Insiders preview version of Microsoft Edge.  Whether you're on Windows, Linux, or macOS, consider using Canary (or another preview channel) as your default development browser.  The stable (released), Beta, Dev, and Canary versions of Microsoft Edge run as separate apps, side-by-side.  See [Microsoft Edge Insider Channels](https://aka.ms/microsoftedge). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stay up to date and get the latest DevTools features, download an Insiders preview version of Microsoft Edge.  Whether you're on Windows, Linux, or macOS, consider using Canary (or another preview channel) as your default development browser.  The Beta, Dev, and Canary versions of Microsoft Edge run as separate apps, side-by-side with the stable, released version of Microsoft Edge.  See [Microsoft Edge Insider Channels](https://aka.ms/microsoftedge). 
```

> For the latest announcements, [follow the Microsoft Edge DevTools team on Twitter](https://twitter.com/EdgeDevTools).  To report a problem with DevTools or ask for a new feature, check out the [MicrosoftEdge > DevTools](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/DevTools) repo, new for 2022. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the latest announcements, [follow the Microsoft Edge team on Twitter](https://twitter.com/MSEdgeDev).  To report a problem with DevTools or ask for a new feature, file an issue in the [MicrosoftEdge/DevTools](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/DevTools) repo.
```
